broadcast tonight taking flight of big storm gives way to a spectacular show millions make it home in time to celebrate tonight how Americans are giving thanks across the country and serving far from home
making a map from turkey dinner to stores open earlier than ever had some people acting tonight Thanksgiving
children this one holiday weekend Obamacare advocates make a push to get young people to sign up
Best in Show in annual Thanksgiving family tradition of crown jewel takes the wind
NBC News New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
leaving and happy Thanksgiving on Kate snow in for Brian tonight and let start with something to be thankful for despite some diet predictions and worries that a winter storm might have a major impact on holiday festivities in travel
flight delays has subsided and while there was snow and rain millions of Americans were able to celebrate the holiday today with family
hi Windsor New York called by this morning to allow the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade to go ahead is Plan B si skater starts off tonight
from the parade route in Katy
hey there to American greeting 736 million pounds of turkey the day before old was good chicken sixth Avenue right here with a buzz with people crowd lining the streets for Thanksgiving Day Parade that went off without a hitch
million people line Street in Bremen cold not knowing if the stars of the 87th annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade what show up
right now
perfect Parade was Spider Man
left arm punctured and Clayton
snag a tree round corner Thanksgiving traditions continued always cross the country even after a wet and wavy sew in
ways and cancelled flights today
weather headaches didn't damp in the holiday spirit in Washington the first family had a traditional dinner at the White House today including turkey ham in 9 times of Pi
before sitting down to eat the president called troops to wish someone happy holidays and thank them keep razors today in a web address
matter what are differences raw part of one American family
Atlanta Volunteers of hot meals free clothing and more than 6 ounces in need
2000 and in Santa Barbara people showed up to help in care packages the victims of typhoon hayain in the Philippines
today also mark the first day of Hanukkah the two holidays haven't fallen on the same day 1888 and in Arabic 1 New York 9 year old Pinus decided to invent a turkey shaped menorah call the monarchy
all day crown wine from Snowy Detroit
Grawn mi
thanksgivukkah Thanksgiving and Hanukkah probably won't fall on the same day confirmed maybe 70000 years or so if you have dreams about Creek turkey cranberry stuffing sandwich bread is actually latkes better make that dream a reality now
k teacher on the streets of New York tonight lots of Turkey being served up for our troops overseas tonight to tens of thousands are serving another Thanksgiving in Afghanistan
far from home far from their families for most of them it will likely be the last Thanksgiving there before coming home as the US prepare to withdraw most troops by next summer
Archie foreign correspondent Richard Engel is in Afghanistan tonight
29.wav
grieving Kate there are still about 45 thousand US troops are in Afghanistan today just feeding them with a military operation in itself 73
house in pounds of turkey 55 thousand pounds of beef 20000 pies but for the soldiers on outpost like this one was welcome break
set fire based welcome won the last American outpost in the mountains in the eastern Afghanistan Happy Thanksgiving Thanksgiving started with a turkey trot
5:45 a.m.
3.2 steep miles they call it the climb to glory
Parker still counting 80 pounds of motor
winter was Brian Campbell that's him in blue 24 from Maple Grove Minnesota
even better than climb to glory bragging rights for cancel a promotion to p**** to knit
chaos company 10th Mountain Division down today
gymtyme poker volleyball at noon sharp child turkey and ham stuffing inside
internal military tradition commander rank
what to do excerpt from a summer place
we caught up with lieutenant Campbell again and found out reach shape
he's been training for wedding reception
I got a wedding coming out when I get back home so get ready for that a honeymoon body
Campbell married Kelsey last year propose on Thanksgiving diploid 2 months later play never had a party last night together
Arizona
what is popcorn
Kelsey's starting a new job as a nurse the late shift so she's not having a Thanksgiving this year just a phone call
I feel like you're breaking tradition anything like Thanksgiving
the truth today got a taste of home zone for a little while did much feel like one
MK for the soldiers here when the Sun comes up in a few hours no post holiday shopping no leftover turkey sandwiches its back to the mission back to the war tapes
Richard Engel in Afghanistan with their service even before live turkeys were in the oven in hours before football games holiday shopping kicked off of
the country this morning and it creeps burlier an earlier more than a dozen major retailers from Target to Macys are open
National Retail Federation survey 33 million people are expected to shop today and I have some people asking if it's all too much too soon NBC John yang
before dawn in suburban Chicago does a ratio is what you want to be first in line at Kmart husband Bobby's mom Warrior here to
whatever the boss says today go get the camera
Barbie Power Wheels
what part of the Trail of a Nintendo video game for son only know your in stock right now I just say
$100
wheezing from store to store the family tradition what you like a lot better on Black Friday
send out at home with my 24 and 11 else that goes I'm a little bit longer this is all for them
Thanksgiving dinner Shearwater daughter outside Walmart analytics holiday Silvis you'll be up about 4 percent from where
online the top destination for the first time by opening to grab their share but it may not work
you don't have more relativism are people on your holiday list just because there more hours or even more days to the sale period
some stores are joining including Nordstrom Costco in Marshalls 1 New York area electronics chain is boasting about it
PC Richard and son Thanksgiving should be spent at home
Facebook petition urgent people now
the shop on Thanksgiving has more than 6000 likes its just wrong to make people work on a holiday meant for friends and family to be together
the manager of the pizza hut in Elkhart Indiana said he was fired when you refuse a franchise owners order to open today spoke to MSNBC the Ed Schultz
not right I don't agree with it and I'm not going to grade open a store
this morning Pizza Hut corporate headquarters stepped in any was offered his job back
Kmart in Chicago Joel Meyer had two carts of Games dolls and toys all to be given away to children's charities how good deal
I probably price
Christmas toys for kids
shopping on Thanksgiving is deluding Black Friday solo BB comparing these crowded the crowds tomorrow morning
John yang thanks so much so what will the weather be like for all those bargain hunters tomorrow meteorologist Genesis hospital from the Weather Center
Janice is going to be quiet tomorrow just like it was today from coast to coast not much going on chili conditions in the East mild outWest tomorrow Friday for the shoppers will be sunny in Boston downtown Washington Atlanta temperatures in the 50s
Miami you be in the 70's clear in Chicago out towards Denver and San Francisco shoppers in the Pacific Northwest that's about it but it looks like for the big travel day coming up for Sunday the only place is going to see the major problems will probably be the Seattle area
heavy rain expected on Sunday and may be snow in the mountains the rest of the country would be nice and quiet
looking good Janice tanks tonight we are just 48 hours from a cell phone POS deadline by the White House to turn around the Obamacare website and get it working for most users at the same time is another race happening to get younger people to sign up for health insurance and order to make that
happens to kids are hoping parents will make the picture their grown children
Brad from the dinner table tonight at the store now for my White House correspondent Peter Alexander
Topshop Mario
27 year old Nathan she's just to ensure that Obamacare supporters are counting on sheets to work for the homeless center of the so-called young Invincibles in Roman is critical to make a new law work AOL sign up what's the holdup
just haven't gotten around 2 a.m.
so how do you get young people onboard recruit their parents with a dose of humor AR
PBS org mothers and their children DC ecards get health insurance so I can stop pestering you to sign up and start pressure you to get married
we have something really important to talk to you about this new attitudes moms and dads have the talk with their grown kids over the holidays we know you don't have health insurance
we love you no matter what it is time to get covered shut up store power to Olivia Wilde go to the carousel free
to succeed Obamacare needs young healthy adult awesome because of poor people with pre-existing condition
advocate say there are encouraging size in California the first state to report who's in rolling through October 18 to 3400 data for 22 percent of enrollment slightly higher than their share the population
invincible and I like to say young and stupid BlueCross and ass on the actually know that there an actual weight from actually having a $50
beginning this January 7 Hardwick a nursing student work part time what health insurance for the first time in 6 years
suburban that has been lifted because you don't know what the future holds but you have to prepare for it
still there are obstacles California state run website is working supporters were the Florida federal site storage more young people from signing up
Peter Alexander NBC News Los Angeles
steelhead tonight the American oil boom bringing gas
prices down below $3 a gallon in what country big deal for millions holiday track and later the hound who just made history of the biggest Asian parents
back now with falling gas prices across the country down 49 cents a gallon from their pic this year and when gas prices drop consumers more likely use extra money to buy gifts solving fueled by the American oil boom and we get our report a knife mendeecees Harris Smith
an American boomtown Chickasha Oklahoma
meet Herald hand Eric Roberson
what's a self-made billionaire Harold is bullish on American oil
how much oil is there in the United States Berber ports in the world sorry Rabea hang on a second
United States has more oil in Saudi Arabia yeah by far
Harold Hamm is in Oklahoma who controls more oil underground anyone else in the US
thanks everyone get out and help Hafeez pool supply for 40 years and all this was here Headley I have the technology
so it's a different from a different H&D this doctor at grandaddy's Rey
oil rigs one by Joey sticks and software
fine tune to find black gold in natural gas places in possibly the week
America's producing 50 percent more oil than just 5 years ago almost 8 million barrels today and that is a big deal
big deal for on eBay inforce die find work in California
starting job in the oil rigs pays more than $60
very good for a guy like me with no college education
prospect South Australia
big deal in oil patch town like Chickasha economic development director
Christy Elkin says household income has jobs within 25 percent in the last 2 years
shot in the arm but it's also been in a door opening 22 possibilities in Central Park community
big deal for American consumers or seen gasoline prices decline
this is the sum will the Texas because of horizontal drilling
summit 23 seismic activity Andrew in water
mini environmental groups in a moratorium on fracking in all out band
what ham and others in the oil industry insist it safe
ham says old is new oil production has another benefit it means a great deal
NBA Benedum on the shelf
energy independence imagine
Harry Smith NBC News Chickasha Oklahoma
back in a moment with a hopeful come back tonight after a big Olympics care
is better run on the nation's food pantries in the week leading up to this Thanksgiving the man has sores after 5 billion dollars in cuts to the federal food stamp program at the start of November tonight a lot of families are finding them selves without even the basics to prepare a holiday meal
are report part of the NBC new series on poverty we call in plain sight is supported by a grant from the Ford Foundation worn out from embassies Janet shamlian
nations porn
can barely keep the shell stop this food pantry outside and Corey Smith on every week fetus a problem
heart breaker trying to do something
linear first timer switch pantry 47 million Americans hard hit by food stamps
director Mack Street Madison pantries providing record 6700 tanks giving me a
pictures of cross a country or feeling at a level of demand and seen in years as a NuWave a client 60 to merge in seafood and Thanksgiving dinner
times are heading home where in Murfreesboro Tennessee with 3 children get 36 dollars left eats month in food stamps
dollars go salon ways actually we can probably be 3 days on that at least
public assistance Ganek bakery close in Christmas Eve
St in
you don't really want to tell people what we do when we were hoping I would work out
receiving food pantry just like Millions
is a responsibility to help the community do better person
in the season of Plenty still an abundance of me
Jennifer AMLI on NBC News
tonight scientist say the so-called comet of the century is probably a goner it doesn't appear to have survived journey around the Sun today there it is
in the lower part of your screen and now watch it goes away sin to say they saw the comet Ison approach the Sun but nothing came out on the other side that means the spectacular light show a lot of social hoping for
is on likely to happen
Lindsey Vonn said today she's back on the shelves for the first time since I bring a partial ACL tear in her right knee in practice last week for the pictures
postage us today on Facebook yesterday on the Today Show Bond talk to Matt Lauer about her most recent injury normally Sheen stop competing to have it repaired but instead of helping to compete next week in order to get ready for the Olympics in Sochi in just about 11 weeks
when we come back saloon very good dogs but only one can be named Best in Show
are final story tonight about an annual tradition for a lot of families on Thanksgiving Day gathering around the TV to watch the National dog show
more than $2000 computer for the title but only one can be named Best in Show and we get the story from embassies Miguel Almaguer
welcome back to the National dog show is it just a competition dizzy Israel
this is a black tie event seriously this could be anybody show today with 20000 dollars and steak last year 20 million viewers couldn't get enough heavy bones
intimidating
who's who of Brie
Leshawna eats queen bees the sum of the street Usain who from the toy group Pekingese what some like inside
telogen comical
the more than makeup for incontinence
infact sometimes you can be hard to tell who's walking who